Sao models data tests (#8487)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/state-aware-about.md

Without configuring anything, <Constant name="cloud" />'s state-aware orchestration automatically knows to build your models either when the code has changed or if there’s any new data in a source (or upstream model in the case of [dbt Mesh](/docs/mesh/about-mesh)).

> **Note:** When a model fails a [data test](/docs/build/data-tests), state-aware orchestration rebuilds it on subsequent runs instead of reusing it from prior state. This ensures models with unresolved quality issues are reevaluated.

Reviewer: sugg active voice
```suggestion
**Note:** When a model fails a [data test](/docs/build/data-tests), state-aware orchestration rebuilds it on subsequent runs instead of reusing it from prior state. This ensures dbt reevaluates models with unresolved data quality issues.
```
